Services
Pricing
The Yard
New Clients
Gallery
Contact
(417) 501-1053
Home
What we do
Daycare, boarding, and grooming on East Bennett
Dog Daycare
Overnight Boarding
Professional Grooming
What to bring
Monday – Friday, 7:30 am to 6:00 pm
Playgroups by size
Sorted by size and social level, so the shy ones are not stuck with the bulldozers.
Half or full days
Pick what fits your shift. Regulars use multi-day passes instead of paying per visit.
Play and rest on rotation
Dogs go home tired instead of wound up, and nobody runs all day without a break.
Food and meds welcome
Send anything your dog takes during the day and we handle it at the right time.
More about daycare
Full day $30, half day $15, packages from $19 a day.
Open weekends and holidays
Every 7th night free
Long trips cost less. The discount applies automatically on the seventh night.
Siblings together
Dogs from the same home can share a run instead of being split up.
Their food, their schedule
Send meals portioned however you like and note any medication at drop-off.
Weekend pickup hours
Saturday and Sunday, 8–11 am and 4–6 pm for drop-off and pickup.
Check availability
From $35 a night. Holidays fill early.
By appointment
Full groom
Bath, cut, ears, and nails, finished to the breed or the length you ask for
Bath and tidy
Wash, dry, and a clean-up around the face, feet, and sanitary areas
Nail trim
Quick visit on its own, or added to any groom or boarding stay
Groom before pickup
Book it into a boarding stay so they go home clean
Get a grooming quote
See all rates →
Before your first visit
What every dog needs, whatever they are booked for
The same three vaccinations apply to daycare, boarding, and grooming. Your vet can email records straight to us before you come in.
Bordetella
Required and current for every dog in the building
DHPP
Distemper combination, current on the date of the visit
Rabies
Proof of a current rabies vaccination
Bring along
Food for boarding stays, plus any medication with dosing notes
Paperwork is filled out here at drop-off and takes a few minutes. There is no account to set up online.
Come see us
Not sure which one your dog needs?
Tell us the days you are gone and how your dog does around others. We will tell you honestly what fits, including when the answer is nothing at all.
Ready to book your dog’s first day?
Call and we will walk you through openings, rates, and what to bring. Grooming quotes take about a minute over the phone.
Call {{ phone }}
Email us
Walk-ins welcome during pickup hours. Bring current Bordetella, DHPP, and Rabies records.
A locally owned dog daycare, boarding, and grooming shoppe on East Bennett. Dogs only, since 2015.
Visit
1927 East Bennett St.
Springfield, MO 65804
Barkershoppe@gmail.com
Hours
Mon – Fri · 7:30 am – 6 pm
Sat &amp; Sun · 8–11 am, 4–6 pm
Facebook
© 2026 The Barker Shoppe. All rights reserved.
Bordetella, DHPP, and Rabies records required for all dogs.
class Component extends DCLogic { renderVals() { return { phone: this.props.phone ?? "(417) 501-1053" }; } }